chore: use a gitpod as workspace (#959)
freeCodeCamp/Developer_Quiz_Site: README.md

Have a look [here](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-donate-to-free-code-camp/) at the different ways you can support our non-profit's mission and make tech education accessible to all.

> ## How to run the project using gitpod
> 
> Gitpod is online environment, where you can work on code projects whithout installing anything on your machine  
> [link to gitpod](https://gitpod.io/?autostart=true#https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/Developer_Quiz_Site/)

Reviewer: fixes for grammar, typos and capitalization

```suggestion
## How to run the project using Gitpod

Gitpod is an online environment, where you can work on projects without installing anything on your machine. To setup the Developer Quiz Site with Gitpod, visit this [link](https://gitpod.io/?autostart=true#https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/Developer_Quiz_Site/)
```

Then, read through our [Contributing Documentation](CONTRIBUTING.md).

### How to run the unit tests

Once you are finished making changes, you will need to run the test suite to make sure your code doesn't break anything.

> Here is terminal command for running tests: `pnpm test` (or, if you super lazy: `pnpm t` )  

Reviewer: I would remove the super lazy part 👍

Then, read through our [Contributing Documentation](CONTRIBUTING.md).

> ### How to run a tests
> 
> After some code change/improvement you made, it is good practice to check if unit tests are still pass:
> 
> Here is terminal command for running tests: `pnpm test`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to run the unit tests

Once you are finished making changes, you will need to run the test suite to make sure your code doesn't break anything. 

Here is terminal command for running tests: `pnpm test`
```
